Blake Kaplan
bjk20

Genre: Top Down Scrolling Shooter

Name: Air Defense Commander

Description: 

You have been promoted to be in charge of air defenses and you are about to face your first true test. 
Your second in command has just informed you of an incoming aerial attack and paratroopers begin to rain from the sky.
Your job is to keep your country safe. Fortunately, you have just build a special anti-air cannon.
Use your fancy new cannon to eliminate the paratroopers before they land on the ground.
Good luck Commander!

Game modes:

	Protection:
		
		Goal - Paratroopers start falling from the sky. The user operates a cannon and must shoot at the paratroopers.
			Each paratrooper that lands on the ground successfully damages the cannon 25%.
			Therefore, if 4 paratroopers land successfully, the cannon is destroyed and the player loses.
			In order to win, the cannon must survive for a minute. As time proceeds, the paratroopers' descents will increase in speed.
		
		Mechanics - The cannon is in a fixed location. The player uses their mouse to aim at a paratrooper. When the player clicks, 
			a projectile will be fired in a straight line trajectory in the direction of the mouse. If the projectile hits a paratrooper,
			the paratrooper is eliminated.
	
	
	Survival:
	
		Goal - Your cannon has been destroyed and the paratroopers keep on falling. You are now on your own with just a gun.
			Backup will arrive in 1 minute and you must survive until then. However, noticing your time of weakness, the paratroopers 
			begin to fire back. You must protect yourself with your gun to stay alive. Paratroopers that land will continue to shoot 
			until you run out of health or you kill them.
		
		Mechanics - The player uses the keyboard's directional keys to move a ground soldier left and right. The player also uses the 
			mouse to aim and fire a projectile in the same manner as the Protection game mode. The player must avoid shots from the 
			paratroopers while also shooting at them. 
